README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="logohellocelo.png" alt="HelloCelo Logo" width="160" />
  <h1>HelloCelo DApp</h1>
  <p>
    A decentralized on-chain message board built on the <strong>Celo blockchain</strong>.<br/>
    Now integrated with <strong>KarmaGap</strong> for reward tracking and contribution verification.
  </p>
</div>

---

## ✨ Features
- 📨 Send and store messages directly on-chain  
- 👀 View all messages in real time  
- ⚡ Event-driven updates for instant feedback  
- 🎯 KarmaGap integration — track and verify user contributions

---

## 🚀 Live Demo
🔗 [Try HelloCelo DApp](https://hello-celo-v2.vercel.app/)  
*(Runs directly in your browser — connect with MetaMask, Celo Wallet, or Rabby.)*

---

## 💰 Earn & Collect $HC Tokens

  <p>
    <strong>Engage. Write. Earn.</strong><br/>
    Every on-chain message you post in the <b>HelloCelo DApp</b> helps build transparent Web3 communication — 
    and now it can also earn you <strong>$HC (HelloCelo)</strong> tokens.
  </p>
</div>

### 🪙 How to Get $HC Tokens
1. **Connect your wallet** (MetaMask, Celo Wallet, or Rabby)  
2. **Send your first message** directly on-chain  
3. **Earn activity points** — tracked via <a href="https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/hellocelo" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">KarmaGap</a>  
4. **Claim $HC rewards** for verified participation and contribution to the community  

---

### 💎 What is $HC?
$HC (HelloCelo Token) is a **community-driven reward token** on **Celo Mainnet** — created to encourage:
- meaningful on-chain interaction 🗣️  
- positive social engagement 🌱  
- community-led growth on Celo ⚙️  

Join the movement.  
Start messaging — and earn your first $HC tokens today! 🚀  

🔗 <a href="https://hello-celo-v2.vercel.app/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Try the HelloCelo DApp</a>


## 🧾 Smart Contract
**File:** `contracts/HelloCelo.sol`  
**Deployed on:** Celo Mainnet  
**Address:** [`0x88Fd392bC4d948DaD1d27B73cad89fF34507EA9B`](https://celo.blockscout.com/address/0x88Fd392bC4d948DaD1d27B73cad89fF34507EA9B?tab=contract)

---

## 🔗 Links & Resources
- 🌐 [KarmaGap Project Page](https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/hellocelo)  
- 📚 [Celo Documentation](https://docs.celo.org/)  
- 🧠 [Proof of Ship](https://github.com/celo-org/Proof-of-Ship)
- 🐦 [HelloCelo on X (Twitter)](https://x.com/HelloCelo_HC)

---

## 🤝 Contributing
Want to improve HelloCelo?  
Fork the repository, create a branch, and submit a pull request — all contributions are welcome!

---

⭐ **Built by [Mystique85](https://github.com/Mystique85)**  
on top of the **Celo** blockchain with ❤️

Commit message:

docs(readme): clarify external links open in new tab
Added notes "(opens in new tab)" to external DApp and resource links in README.
Improves user clarity since GitHub Markdown does not support target="_blank".

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="logohellocelo.png" alt="HelloCelo Logo" width="160" />
  <h1>HelloCelo DApp</h1>
  <p>
    A decentralized on-chain message board built on the <strong>Celo blockchain</strong>.<br/>
    Now integrated with <strong>KarmaGap</strong> for reward tracking and contribution verification.
  </p>
</div>

---

## ✨ Features
- 📨 Send and store messages directly on-chain  
- 👀 View all messages in real time  
- ⚡ Event-driven updates for instant feedback  
- 🎯 KarmaGap integration — track and verify user contributions

---

## 🚀 Live Demo
🔗 [Try the HelloCelo DApp](https://hello-celo-v2.vercel.app/) _(opens in new tab)_

*(Runs directly in your browser — connect with MetaMask, Celo Wallet, or Rabby.)*

---

## 💰 Earn & Collect $HC Tokens

  <p>
    <strong>Engage. Write. Earn.</strong><br/>
    Every on-chain message you post in the <b>HelloCelo DApp</b> helps build transparent Web3 communication — 
    and now it can also earn you <strong>$HC (HelloCelo)</strong> tokens.
  </p>
</div>

### 🪙 How to Get $HC Tokens
1. **Connect your wallet** (MetaMask, Celo Wallet, or Rabby)  
2. **Send your first message** directly on-chain  
3. **Earn activity points** — tracked via <a href="https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/hellocelo" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">KarmaGap</a>  
4. **Claim $HC rewards** for verified participation and contribution to the community  

---

### 💎 What is $HC?
$HC (HelloCelo Token) is a **community-driven reward token** on **Celo Mainnet** — created to encourage:
- meaningful on-chain interaction 🗣️  
- positive social engagement 🌱  
- community-led growth on Celo ⚙️  

Join the movement.  
Start messaging — and earn your first $HC tokens today! 🚀  

🔗 [Try the HelloCelo DApp](https://hello-celo-v2.vercel.app/) _(opens in new tab)_

## 🧾 Smart Contract
**File:** `contracts/HelloCelo.sol`  
**Deployed on:** Celo Mainnet  
**Address:** [`0x88Fd392bC4d948DaD1d27B73cad89fF34507EA9B`](https://celo.blockscout.com/address/0x88Fd392bC4d948DaD1d27B73cad89fF34507EA9B?tab=contract)

---

## 🔗 Links & Resources
- 🌐 [KarmaGap Project Page](https://gap.karmahq.xyz/project/hellocelo)  
- 📚 [Celo Documentation](https://docs.celo.org/)  
- 🧠 [Proof of Ship](https://github.com/celo-org/Proof-of-Ship)
- 🐦 [HelloCelo on X (Twitter)](https://x.com/HelloCelo_HC)

---

## 🤝 Contributing
Want to improve HelloCelo?  
Fork the repository, create a branch, and submit a pull request — all contributions are welcome!

---

⭐ **Built by [Mystique85](https://github.com/Mystique85)**  
on top of the **Celo** blockchain with ❤️
